# Required homework

First, do the [required readings][readings].

Please work on and submit these exercises before you arrive
(submission details are below). **These are required**; we want you to
be ready for class when it starts.

[readings]: ./readings.md

## Due-date (Only relevant for accepted students)

The prep work is due 3 weeks before your cycle begins.

## Test-First Ruby (Alex Chaffee)

[Test-First Ruby][test-first-ruby] is a great way to test your Ruby
knowledge. It gives you interactive feedback, so you can find and
correct mistakes. It will also give you practice running RSpec tests
(complete level 1 of [CodeSchool's RSpec course][codeschool-rspec] if
you need a refresher on RSpec).

[test-first-ruby]: https://github.com/alexch/learn_ruby
[codeschool-rspec]: http://rspec.codeschool.com/levels/1

The required exercises are 0-12 and 14. To begin work, go to the
github page and click to download the ZIP file. Extract the ZIP and
open the contained index.html. This will contain further instructions
as to how to proceed.

When you're finished with Test First Ruby, send it to us (instructions
below).

### Errata

**NB: the `rake` task will not work if you save it to a directory path
that includes a space**. For instance, `/Users/FNAME LNAME/learn_ruby`
contains a space. If necessary, move the `learn_ruby` to a directory
path that doesn't contain a space.

## Event Manager (JumpstartLabs)

[Event Manager][event-manager] is a tutorial that walks you through
writing your first Ruby program. Work through the tutorial, writing
code. **Type the code yourself** instead of copy and pasting; that way
you'll remember the commands better.

You can skip the iterations at the end of the tutorial.

When you've finished building the Event Manager, send it to us
(instructions below).

[event-manager]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html

## Submitting Your Work

When done, please zip your Test First Ruby folder (complete with
instructions, specs, and your solutions) and mail it to us at
[admissions@appacademy.io](mailto:admissions@appacademy.io). Please
also attach your Event Manager work.
